[8.7] Adds known issue upgrading agents with Osquery Manager (#3120)
elastic/security-docs: docs/release-notes/8.7.asciidoc

==== Known issues
* After alerts are generated for the first time, you may have to refresh your browser before your alert data appears on pages that use data views (for example, Timeline). Navigating between pages will not work (https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/issues/3046[#3046]).

> *{agent} upgrade from 8.6.2 to 8.7.2 can fail:*

Reviewer: While this adds more visual emphasis, we prob don't need to doc this known issue in its own section. If we did end up creating a sep section for this, we'd need to also change the formatting for the [other known issue](https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/3120/files#diff-aced6a718123f207068aaa452213d0c426a62eb87e6c511397ec7570fa03b0cbL11).
 
```suggestion

```

Reviewer 2: in addition, this should say `{agent} upgrade from 8.6.2 to 8.7.0 can fail:`. There is a typo with `8.7.2`

> When upgrading {agents} running the Osquery Manager integration from 8.6.2 to 8.7.0, they can get stuck in the `Updating` state (https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/issues/2433[#2433]). To prevent this, delete the Osquery Manager integration from your {agents} before upgrading them to 8.7.0, then re-add it after you finish upgrading.

Reviewer: This might be too verbose, but I wanted to clarify that the user would be going through the agent upgrade process, not the Osquery integration upgrade.  

```suggestion
* The {agent} upgrade from 8.6.2 to 8.7.0 might fail for {agents} running the Osquery Manager integration ({agents} can get stuck in the `Updating` state) (https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/issues/2433[#2433]). To prevent this, delete the Osquery Manager integration from your {agents} before upgrading them to 8.7.0, then re-add it after you finish upgrading.
```

> If you already tried upgrading, these steps will still resolve the issue. However, because your {agents} are stuck in the `Updating` state, you will need to upgrade them via API instead of via Kibana. First, delete the Osquery integration using Kibana, then use the https://petstore.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/elastic/kibana/8.7/x-pack/plugins/fleet/common/openapi/bundled.json#/default/upgrade-agent[Agent upgrade API] to tell the agents to upgrade. After the upgrade completes, add the Osquery Manager integration again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
If you already upgraded your {agents}, and they're are stuck in the `Updating` state, you will need to upgrade them via API instead of {fleet}. First, remove the Osquery integration from the {agents}, then use the https://petstore.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/elastic/kibana/8.7/x-pack/plugins/fleet/common/openapi/bundled.json#/default/upgrade-agent[Agent upgrade API] to tell the {agents} to upgrade. After the upgrade completes, add the Osquery Manager integration to the {agents} again.
+
```

> NOTE: This problem can occur when upgrading {agents} from versions 8.6.2 or 8.7.0 to any other version. Keep this in mind when upgrading {agents} running 8.7.0 to later versions.

Reviewer 2: suggestion to clarify this line by also saying that 8.6.2 to any other version would also have the problem.  `Keep this in mind when upgrading {agents} running 8.6.2 or 8.7.0 to later versions`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: This problem can occur when upgrading {agents} from versions 8.6.2 or 8.7.0 to any other version. Keep this in mind when upgrading {agents} running 8.6.2, 8.7.0, or later versions.
```

==== Known issues
* After alerts are generated for the first time, you may have to refresh your browser before your alert data appears on pages that use data views (for example, Timeline). Navigating between pages will not work (https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/issues/3046[#3046]).

> * The {agent} upgrade from 8.6.2 to 8.7.0 might fail for {agents} running the Osquery Manager integration ({agents} can get stuck in the `Updating` state) (https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/issues/2433[#2433]). To prevent this, delete the Osquery Manager integration from your {agents} before upgrading them to 8.7.0, then re-add it after you finish upgrading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The {agent} upgrade from 8.6.2 to 8.7.0 or later might fail for {agents} running the Osquery Manager integration ({agents} can get stuck in the `Updating` state) (https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/issues/2433[#2433]). To prevent this, delete the Osquery Manager integration from your {agents} before upgrading them to 8.7.0, then re-add it after you finish upgrading.
```

Reviewer 3: @nastasha-solomon I'm not sure we need "or later" here. All we really know about right now is 8.7.0, and hopefully this gets fixed in 8.7.1? But if it doesn't, then we just reprint this same Known Issue in the 8.7.1 release notes.

> * The {agent} upgrade from 8.6.2 to 8.7.0 might fail for {agents} running the Osquery Manager integration ({agents} can get stuck in the `Updating` state) (https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/issues/2433[#2433]). To prevent this, delete the Osquery Manager integration from your {agents} before upgrading them to 8.7.0, then re-add it after you finish upgrading.

Reviewer 4: Is `{agent} upgrade` correct here or `{stack} upgrade`? Just double checking - idk if one is appropriate over the other. 

```suggestion
* The {agent} upgrade from 8.6.2 to 8.7.0 might fail for {agents} running the Osquery Manager integration (https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/issues/2433[#2433]). To prevent this, delete the Osquery Manager integration from your {agents} before upgrading them to 8.7.0, then re-add it after upgrading.
```

Reviewer: Yep, this issue might occur after users upgrade the agent, not the stack.

+

> If you already upgraded your {agents}, and they're are stuck in the `Updating` state, you will need to upgrade them via API instead of {fleet}. First, remove the Osquery integration from the {agents}, then use the https://petstore.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/elastic/kibana/8.7/x-pack/plugins/fleet/common/openapi/bundled.json#/default/upgrade-agent[Agent upgrade API] to tell the {agents} to upgrade. After the upgrade completes, add the Osquery Manager integration to the {agents} again.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If you already upgraded your {agents}, and they're are stuck in the `Updating` state, you'll need to upgrade them using the API instead of {fleet}. First, remove the Osquery integration from the {agents}, then use the https://petstore.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/elastic/kibana/8.7/x-pack/plugins/fleet/common/openapi/bundled.json#/default/upgrade-agent[Agent upgrade API] to start the upgrade. After the upgrade completes, add the Osquery Manager integration to the {agents} again.
```

+

> NOTE: This problem can occur when upgrading {agents} from versions 8.6.2 or 8.7.0 to any other version. Keep this in mind when upgrading {agents} running 8.6.2 or 8.7.0 to later versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> NOTE: This problem can occur when upgrading {agents} from versions 8.6.2 or 8.7.0 to any other version. Keep this in mind when upgrading {agents} running 8.6.2 or 8.7.0 to later versions.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
NOTE: This problem can occur when upgrading {agents} from 8.6.2 or 8.7.0 to any other version. Keep this in mind when upgrading {agents} running 8.6.2 or 8.7.0 to newer versions.
```
